minor language changes (#4252)
langchain-ai/langgraph: docs/docs/agents/overview.md

## What is an agent?

> An agent is a building block of applications that use Large Language Models (LLMs). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An agent is a system that uses an LLM to control the flow of an application.
```

will revert to the original first sentence for now, since i don't like this one
